my name is Heinrich Santana my phone
Brazil I'm a full MMA fighter been
trained in jiu-jitsu capoeira we tie
everything is involved mashallah I get
in the professional level when I was
ages 26 getting four of an MMA star
doing fights and get involved with
jujitsu you know it's like teaching so
this is my life like that
age of 22 to 23 I start notice that I
was losing a bit my head my hair you
know me and he was just losing all over
and over every day as in different so I
say in a while I was just keep shaving
it isn't much me better and the age of
25 I feel like all this theory here was
like gone you know so from that point I
start to feel unbolt one of my best
students actually any friend he just
told me look at me I got a solution for
us and then he text me with the picture
with two pictures before and after and
asked him what was the kind of joke to
that is that it's not joke that's me
right now just me before and after were
you talking about when i start to making
questions actions lie about what was
this this is look funny you know like
crazy and he like no no this is real
this me know and this is a treatment i
did and because i know you I know other
than issues we have with a boat head and
I want to recommend you the same is
going to change your life it's gonna
look amazing such men making more
questions and then he said look I've
been introduced you to the to some
friends who'd made it for me skype so
that people would like wouldn't look
after you so then I come to London for
consultation and the people who just had
me when give me welcome and keeping your
answer all the questions they had and it
was so exciting to start I couldn't wait
for my time this was my main question
how long the gun is lost because I want
to last forever I fig is the the way
they designed the treatment you know
that they make exam to feature you had
properly you know he didn't sign to you
they ask you how you look how you feel
you know they give you exactly what you
looking for after I complete my
treatment was was amazing feeling I'll
feel much much more confident especially
because I'm in front of TV all the time
and this was on the big issue the head
is like how I won't look at the cameras
you know so now i have no more issues
that change everything you know my life
has been a new life there's a new person
the time i was spending with these guys
in the treatment she look like i give it
here we see you know so was very quick
no pain no nonpayroll so i feel very
happy with the result everybody
surprised when i go home after treatment
done nobody believe what I see in front
of them you know I was a new person here
if my kids were like well daddy you know
I was love you anyway doesn't matter how
you look like but if you look amazing
you know I'm so happy for you because
you feel happy you passed these feelings
with people so the people will from well
if he's happy that's what you're looking
for in or doesn't matter what takes but
as long as the person's happiness was
matter and i give this energy i passed
this energy for for the people around me
you know for friends for students for
family and how to make a big difference
my life
and I'm sure that change their lives as
well you know the confidence now then
though I have is the same is amazing I
had amazing experience come to skype met
a great people and this is a number one
for me and the friendship I will
recommend definitely to anyone that is
looking to change you know looking to
have a new look a new life because
that's what I look that's what i think
is about everything change in your life
so you're going to have a new life
you